`context` macro for creating rendering contexts (#1638)
SergioBenitez/Rocket: site/guide/5-responses.md

type that implements `Serialize` and serializes into an `Object` value, such as
structs, `HashMaps`, and others.

> You can also use the [`context`] macro to create ad-hoc context objects, without
> the need to define a separate struct:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use [`context!`] to create ad-hoc context objects without defining a new type:
```
